As what was learned in TH 121, our faith is practiced through its three dimensions: Doctrine, Morals, and Worship. As Catholics, 
we learn to believe the truths of the faith by studying many different sources. Some examples are the Bible, Church teachings, or even 
through reflection of every day human experiences. We then try to carry out the teachings we learn into every aspect of our lives by 
basing our actions on the lessons learned from the different sources of faith. Finally, we entrust our lives with God through constant 
prayer and reflection. Upon attaining balance with the dimensions, we achieve a proper integration. But then a natural characteristic 
we humans have is the unsatiable thirst for understanding. Theology is then introduced to address the questions we may have on faith 
and in turn, form a deeper connection and understanding of the truths and reasons on why we do what we do for our faith.

I agree with BENRICK's statement that we have to constantly seek God through the many different sources where he is revealed. Our 
faith becomes a pilgrimage where we embark on our own personal journeys to seek God even if we may never reach that destination. We 
desire to know more about God so we must continue learning about him while carrying out his teachings so we may follow in His plan.

I agree with ALEX in saying that "We can never be stuck to borrowed faith because I believe that God gave humankind the ability 
to think and the freedom to decide for ourselves." If we choose to continually grow and develop in our personal journey, gradually we
will be able to formulate our own opinions, make our own decisions, and ultimately, stand for something. Through our constant search for 
God, we will slowly know what He means for us and we can trust more in His word.

I agree with MARTHELLA's conclusion that faith, theology, and vocation are responses to each other. Upon achieveing a fruitful balance 
of these three ideas, we may live a life that constantly grows and develops but is firm in its beliefs. People who have mastered this 
understanding will live well knowing what they are doing, why they are doing it, and is happy to be knowledgable of their purpose in 
life and continue doing it.